good morning it is a chilly day here in
the know south of Florida we're here at
clear choice organics this is our
organic line for which Nazi farms and as
you see we got a pretty sizable amount
of acreage out here that's strictly for
organic production well come up and take
a look at some of the plants here that's
what they look like obviously see the
green ones have you know a few days
before obviously we'll pick them but we
got a couple ripe berries right
underneath there look pretty good
got a nice little shot there the whole
row see that whole row red will be a
will be picking those today we're just
four days before Christmas here and
pretty much will be picking all day
today tomorrow Wednesday Thursday and
then obviously Christmas we will take
off and then get right back into it the
26 ways that you guys might be
interested in seeing what the organic
fields look like these actually you know
the rows are pretty much the same there
they are
you know planted in soil and then here
in the background on if you can get a
good shot there but that's one of the
the greenhouses that we have we will
actually do another video in there show
you what the other plants look like in
there and we'll go from there so
hopefully you found this useful and
again we're here in the notice a so
Florida it a clear choice organics and
you will find these organic berries at a
your grocery shelves are pretty soon the
ones that are out here right now alright